[SPARK-57783][DOCS][R] Document the TIME data type as unsupported in SparkR (#56997)
apache/spark: docs/sparkr-migration-guide.md

Many items of SQL migration can be applied when migrating SparkR to higher versions.
Please refer [Migration Guide: SQL, Datasets and DataFrame](sql-migration-guide.html).

## Upgrading from SparkR 4.0 to 4.3

>  - In Spark 4.1, `TimeType` support was added. But SparkR does not support `TimeType` and creating or collecting `TimeType` column would raise an error.

Reviewer: The section header says "Upgrading from SparkR 4.0 to 4.3" but the bullet says "In Spark 4.1, TimeType support was added." These are inconsistent - `TimeType` is targeting 4.3 (all `TIME`-related configs/functions use version("4.3.0") in the codebase). Should the bullet read "In Spark 4.3" instead?

Author: @shrirangmhalgi I have updated the bullet point. Please review.

>  - In Spark 4.3, `TimeType` support was added. But SparkR does not support `TimeType` and creating or collecting `TimeType` column would raise an error.

Reviewer 2: Two small prose fixes here: "`TimeType` column" is missing an article, and "would raise an error" (conditional) reads inconsistently with the sibling data-types notes, which use the present tense ("raises an error"). Pluralizing and switching to present tense also matches the wording in `docs/sql-ref-datatypes.md` ("Creating and collecting `TimeType` columns"):

```suggestion
 - In Spark 4.3, `TimeType` support was added. But SparkR does not support `TimeType`, and creating or collecting `TimeType` columns raises an error.
```

(Non-blocking.)
